src/datatypesvariables/1-datatype-variables.md, before:


<!-- ### [Emojies](https://github.com/markdown-it/markdown-it-emoji) -->
<!--
> Classic markup: :wink: :crush: :cry: :tear: :laughing: :yum:
>
> Shortcuts (emoticons): :-) :-( 8-) ;) -->

### Hello Guys, lets start with some of the core concepts data types and variable 8) ###

### DATA TYPES ###

_Data type in any programming language represents the type of data/value a particular variable can hold in it._
In Java, the data types are broadly classified as -
-  Primitive
-  Non-Primitive

###### A. Primitive ######
_Primitive datatype is further classified as_
a. Numeric
  1. Integer
        - `byte`
        - `short`
        - `int`
        - `long`

```java
byte b = 123;
short b = 478;
int b = 36374;
long b = 2737383;
```
  2. Floating Point Number
        - `float`
        - `double`

```java
float f = 4563.89F;
double d = 234.78;
```
b. Non - Numeric
  1. `char`
  ```java
  char c = 'A';
  char x = '&';
  ```
  2. `boolean`
  ```java
  boolean bool = true;
  boolean b = false;
  ```

###### B. Non-Primitive ######
1. `Arrays`
2. `String`
3. `System` and so on..

_Almost, all the objects in java can be considered under Non - Primitive data types_

### VARIABLES ###

_`VARIABLE` (In layman's term)- is a container or placeholder that is used for storing data or value which is used by the functions or methods_

In technical term, `variable` is nothing but a memory location within computer internal memory which is used for storing data or value which is used by the functions or methods

In Java, there are various operations we can perform on Variables
  + Variable Declaration

  ::: warning
  *Variable Declaration =  Variable Datatype + Variable Name + `;`*
  :::
  ```java
  int i ;
  ```

  + Variable Initialization

  ::: warning
  *Variable Initialization =  Variable Name + `=` + Value + `;`*
  :::
  ```java
  i = 500;
  ```

  + Variable Definition

  ::: warning
  *Variable Declaration =  Variable Declaration + Variable Initialization + `;`*
  :::
  ```java
  int i = 500;
  ```



Please find the reference code for data types and variables at -

Reference Code: https://github.com/sejava-explorer/core-java-fundamentals/blob/master/src/datatypesvariables/Datatypes.java

Commit message:

Added info and warning tags

src/datatypesvariables/1-datatype-variables.md, after:


<!-- ### [Emojies](https://github.com/markdown-it/markdown-it-emoji) -->
<!--
> Classic markup: :wink: :crush: :cry: :tear: :laughing: :yum:
>
> Shortcuts (emoticons): :-) :-( 8-) ;) -->

### Hello Guys, lets start with some of the core concepts data types and variable :laughing: ###

### DATA TYPES ###

_Data type in any programming language represents the type of data/value a particular variable can hold in it._
In Java, the data types are broadly classified as -
-  Primitive
-  Non-Primitive

###### A. Primitive ######
_Primitive datatype is further classified as_
a. Numeric
  1. Integer
        - `byte`
        - `short`
        - `int`
        - `long`

```java
byte b = 123;
short b = 478;
int b = 36374;
long b = 2737383;
```
  2. Floating Point Number
        - `float`
        - `double`

```java
float f = 4563.89F;
double d = 234.78;
```
b. Non - Numeric
  1. `char`
  ```java
  char c = 'A';
  char x = '&';
  ```
  2. `boolean`
  ```java
  boolean bool = true;
  boolean b = false;
  ```

###### B. Non-Primitive ######
1. `Arrays`
2. `String`
3. `System` and so on..

_Almost, all the objects in java can be considered under Non - Primitive data types_

### VARIABLES ###

_`VARIABLE` (In layman's term)- is a container or placeholder that is used for storing data or value which is used by the functions or methods_

In technical term, `variable` is nothing but a memory location within computer internal memory which is used for storing data or value which is used by the functions or methods

In Java, there are various operations we can perform on Variables
  + Variable Declaration

  ::: warning
  *Variable Declaration =  Variable Datatype + Variable Name + `;`*
  :::

  ```java
  int i ;
  ```

  + Variable Initialization

  *Variable Initialization =  Variable Name + `=` + Value + `;`*
  {: .alert .alert-warning}

  ```java
  i = 500;
  ```

  + Variable Definition

  *Variable Declaration =  Variable Declaration + Variable Initialization + `;`*
  {: .alert .alert-info}

  ```java
  int i = 500;
  ```



Please find the reference code for data types and variables at -

Reference Code: https://github.com/sejava-explorer/core-java-fundamentals/blob/master/src/datatypesvariables/Datatypes.java
